other guys Aaron Baker here at Wildwood
Falls another nice swimming hole we're
going to go check it out I believe it's
Bryce Creek and the road is a Bryce
Creek Canyon Road I believe have to
check on that one
Wildwood falls out a pretty cool area
got a nice hey pastor here and all that
horses out there go check it out
this water there's a little too strong
of Curt to mess around with
oh yeah
what's your name Eric
it's my boy Eric right now he's awesome
oh I was hurt I was told hey zoom in
you might say going to the top if you
just warned in the top 50 you can't say
top 50 Oh like you're gonna say like
you're gonna say like that's what sucks
climbing up these rock cliffs out of
there like give me a rain you can't get
off 50 like anybody top all of their top
20 of all time is me
you
are
whole thing is gonna do it
Oh
good
yeah
video evidence you got it